Content cleanup (#1204)
temporalio/documentation: docs/tctl/namespace/register.md

### `--global-namespace`

Specifies whether a [Namespace](/concepts/what-is-a-namespace) is a [Global Namespace](/namespaces/#global-namespace).
When enabled, it controls the creation of replication tasks on updates allowing the state to be replicated across Clusters.

> This is a read-only setting that can't be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a read-only setting and cannot be changed.
```
For consistency with earlier occurrence (currently line 36). Whether to use "cannot" or "can't" is under discussion.
